the person I would dance with past or
present in history would be Kylie
Minogue
my biggest indulgence probably far too
much red wine I was invisible for the
day I guess I mean I'm a sports book so
I think I'd want to go and get behind
the scenes and be very close to someone
like you stay involved
my earliest memory would have been when
I was around five I was in Manchester
and I thought I could walk along the
street with my eyes shut so I tried to
walk a good few meters with my eyes shut
and walked straight into a lamppost and
cut my head open three stitches fancy
dress costume of choice Jimmy Savile
still fix it
you still love Jimmy as a kid I used to
write and loads of letters